1. whew whistled joe matson the astonishment on his bronzed face being indicated by his surprised exclamation of well what do you know about that sis what is it joe asked his sister clara as she looked up from a letter she was

2. reading to see her brother staring at a sheet of paper he had just withdrawn from an envelope for the morning mail had been delivered a few minutes before what is it the girl went on laying aside her own correspondence is it anything seriousanything about father business dont tell me there is more trouble joe im not going to clara it isnt

3. trouble but if what he says is true it going to make a big difference to me and joe looked out of the window across a snowy expanse of yard and gazed at without consciously seeing a myriad of white flakes swirling down through the wintry air no it isnt exactly trouble went on joe and i suppose i ought to be corkingly

4. glad of it but i hadnt counted on leaving the central baseball league quite so soon oh joe have you lost

5. your place exclaimed clara and just after you have done so well too and helped them win the pennant i call that a shame i thought baseball men were better ports than that listen to hermy little sister using slang laughed joe ports isnt slang defended clara ive heard lots of girls use it i mean it in the right sense but have

6. you really lost your place on the team joe well not exactly sis but im about to im afraid however i guess i may as well make the best of it and be glad i sure can use the extra money i

7. certainly dont know what youre talking about went on clara with a helpless look at her big handsome brother and i suppose youll take your own time in telling me but i _would_ like to know what it all means joe and

8. about extra money who going to give it to you nobody ill have to earn it with this pitching arm of mine and the young baseball player swung it around as though windingup for a swift delivery look out joe cried clara but she gave the warning too late at that moment mrs matson entered the room with a jug of water which she intended pouring on a windowbox of flowers joe arm struck the jug a glancing blow and sent it flying the water spraying over the floor and the jug itself falling and cracking into many pieces for a moment there was a

9. momentous silence after two startled screamsone each from mrs matson and clara then joe cried gaily out at first say momsey i hope i didnt hit you no you didnt and she laughed now but what does it all mean are you

10. practicing so early in the season oh my carpet it will be ruined she went on as she saw the water but im glad i didnt bring in a good jug did you hurt your hand nary a hurt said joe with a smile ha ill save _you_ from a wetting he exclaimed as he stooped quickly and picked up an unopened letter

11. the address of which was in a girlish hand get the mop while youre at it advised clara a little later joe had sopped up the water and quiet was restored and now suppose you tell us all about it suggested mrs

12. mason why were you practicing gymnastics joe and she smiled at her athletic son i was just telling clara that my pitching arm was likely to bring me in more money this year momsey and i was giving it a twirl when

13. you happened to get in my way now ill tell you all about it it this letter and joe held out the one he had been reading are you sure it isnt the _other_ asked clara with a sly look at her

14. brother for she had glanced at the writing on the unopened envelope joe had picked up from the floor let me read that other letter joe she teased a little latermaybe he parried but this one and he fluttered the open sheet in his hand this one is from mr gregory manager of the pittston team with whom i have the honor to

15. be associated and joe bowed low to his mother and sister mr gregory gives me a bit of news it is nothing less than that the manager of the st louis nationals is negotiating for the services of yours trulyyour humble servant joseph matson and again the young ball player bowed and laughed joe you dont mean it cried his sister youre going to belong to a major league team for clara was almost as ardent a baseball fan as was her brother well it looks like it sis replied joe slowly as he glanced at the letter again of course it isnt settled but

16. mr gregory says im pretty sure to be drafted to st louis drafted exclaimed his mother that sounds like war times when they used to draft men to go to the front do you mean you havent any choice in the matter

17. joe well that about it momsey the young man explained you see baseball is pretty well organized it has to be to make it the success it is he added frankly though lots of people are opposed to the system but i

18. havent been in it long enough to find fault even if i wanted towhich i dont but it seems queer that you cant stay with the pittston team if you want to said mrs matson i dont know as i want to spoke joe slowly especially when ill surely get more money with st louis besides having the honor of pitching for a

19. major league team even if it isnt one of the topnotchers and a pennant winner so if they want to draft me let them do their worst and he laughed showing his even white teeth you see he resumed when i signed

20. a contract with the pittstons of the central league i gave them the right to control my services as long as i played baseball i had to agree not to go to any other team without permission and in fact no other

21. organized team would take me unless the pittston management released me i went into it with my eyes open and you see the pittston team being one of the small ones has to give way to a major league team that is

22. any major league team like the st louis nationals can call for or draft any player in a smaller team so if they call me ill have to go and ill be glad to ill get more money and fame that is i hope i will and joe spoke more soberly i know im not going to have any snap of it it going to be hard work from the word go for there will be other pitchers on the st louis team and

23. ill have to do my best to make a showing against them and i will too cried joe resolutely ill make good momsey i hope so my son she responded quietly you know i was not much in favor of your taking up baseball for a living but i must say you have done well at it and after all if one does

24. one best at anything that is what counts so i hope you make good with the st louis teami suppose make good is the proper expression she added with a smile itll do firstrate momsey laughed joe now let see what else gregory says he glanced over the letter again and remarked well there nothing definite the managers are laying their plans for

25. the spring work and he says im being considered he adds he will be sorry to lose me i should think he would be exclaimed clara a flush coming into her cheeks you were the best pitcher on his team oh i

26. wouldnt go as far as to say that cried joe though i appreciate your feeling sis i had a good bit of luck winning some of the games the way i did well i guess ill go look up some st louis records and see what im expected to do in the batting average line compared with them the player went on the

27. st louis team isnt a wonder but it done pretty fair at times i believe and it a step up for me ill be more in line for a place on the new york giants or the philadelphia athletics if i make

28. a good showing in missouri finished joe he started from the room carrying the two letters one of which he had not yet opened who it from asked clara with a smile as she pointed to the heavy square envelope in his hand oh one of my many admirers teased joe i cant tell just which one until i open it and just

29. to satisfy your curiosity ill do so now and he proceeded to slit the envelope with his pocketknife oh it from mabel varley he exclaimed just as if you didnt know all the while scoffed clara you wouldnt forget her handwriting so soon joe matson um he murmured noncommittally why this is news he cried suddenly mabel and her brother reggie are coming

30. here here exclaimed clara to visit us oh no not that exactly joe went on theyre on a trip it seems and theyre going to stop off here for a day or so mabel says theyll try to see us i hope

31. they will ive never met them observed clara no spoke joe musingly well you may soon why he went on theyre coming todayon the afternoon express i must go down to the station to meet them though the train is likely to

32. be late if this snow keeps up whew see it come down and he went over to the window and looked out it like a small blizzard remarked clara and it seems to be growing worse doesnt look much like baseball does it joe i should say not say i believe ill go down to the station anyhow and see what the prospects

33. are want to come sis no thank you not in this storm where are the varleys going to stop at the hotel reggie has some business in town mabel writes well i sure will be glad to see him again _him_ _her_ you mean laughed clara oh joe you _are_ so simple humph he exclaimed as he put the two letters into his

34. pocketboth of great importance to him well ill go down to the station joe was soon trudging through the storm on the way to the depot the st louis cardinals he mused as he bent his head to the blast thinking of the letters in his pocket i didnt think id be in line for a major league team so soon i wonder if i can make good thinking alternately of the pleasure he would have in seeing miss mabel varley a girl in

35. whom he was more than ordinarily interested and of the new chance that had come to him joe soon reached the depot his inquiries about the trains were not however very satisfactorily answered we cant tell much about them in this storm

36. the station master said all our trains are more or less late stop in this afternoon and i may have some definite information for you and later that day when it was nearly arrival time for the train on which mabel and

37. reggie were to come joe received some news that startled him there no use in your waiting joe said the station master as the young ball player approached him again your train wont be in today and maybe not for several days

38. why what the mattera wreck cried joe a vision of injured friends looming before him not exactly a wreck but almost as bad went on the official the train is stalledsnowed in at deep rock cut five miles above here and there no chance of getting her out great scott cried joe the express snowed in why ive got friends on that train i wonder what i can do to help them

39. i wonder what i can do to help them