hi. i grew up in providence rhode island, and for my entire childhood we were never more than twenty miles away from the core of our universe, the kennedys. We were irish; they were irish. We were catholic; they were catholic. They were family. We were like the relatives that they never got to see, but we knew you know they're busy and we knew that they loved us. so anything, so anything that was happening to them was also happening to us. So their tragedy plus our own tragedy was a lot. So this one thanksgiving after dinner and a family fight at grandma's house, um we were in the car and were driving home and the radio was playing this tenth uh anniversary of the jfk assassination. and i'm sitting in the back seat and i start to cry. and my sister erin says, "hey dad, mikayla's crying." And my father pulls that car right over to the shoulder of I95. He stops it. He turns around and he looks at us, and with tears in his own eyes he says, "don't you ever be ashamed to cry for that man." So my parents grew up near newport and they got married in the same exact church as jack and jackie saint mary's. And my father gave exact replica jewelry to my mother that was replications of the jewelry that jack gave to jackie. And every saturday night after mass, my family would be in the living room and we'd be happily ever aftering to the original soundtrack of camelot. And every year during the seventies my four aunts would take me and my two cousins on their dream vacation, a rented beach house in hyannis on the very cove sharing beachfront with the kennedy compound. Every day for an entire week, my aunt pat would roll up her sisters' hair. My aunts would apply sunscreen to the back of their necks, the backs of the hands, and the tops of their feet, and then they would drag their beach chairs down to the beach. And they would set them up perfectly, not facing the water, not into the sun for tanning, but perfectly for spying on the kennedys. They would sit there all day in the broiling sun with high powered binoculars, and keep a constant surveillance. And every year they'd have the same exact conversations, usually around mid morning. The first sighting would be made usually by my aunt pat. She'd be, "ah, they got rose out walking. ethel looks drawn." And then about an hour later my aunt gurt would say, "how old is rose now?" and aunt momo would make the calculations, "well let's see.  jack died in sixty three when she was seventy four, and rose's birthday was two weeks last thursday, and joe died in sixty nine making her a widow at eighty one. so eighty five." and then they'd break for lunch. So after lobster and drawn butter and hosing us down, they'd all huffle back to their posts, and they'd watch. And every now and then there'd be something they didn't know, "hey, who's that? who's that? who's that?" So they draw out the family tree in the sand. They'd analyze it; they'd come up with a profile and they'd crack the code: "It's one of bobby's." Now any mention of bobby would always bring up the inevitable, "oh, i just pray to god they don't tell poor senile rose about bobby. it'll break her." So then the long afternoon stretch would end with the inevitable annual observation: "you don't see jackie much here." and then all of my aunts would drop their binoculars and look at each other meaningfully. Now all of this meant that no one was paying any attention to me and my cousins in the water. And the summer when we were nine years old we found something. Now had an aunt perhaps in an effort to ease a cramp in her prying neck, just sort of glanced towards the water, she might have seen us climbing into this tiny, plastic, half inflated boat. She might have cried out in alarm at the lack of oars and life vests. She might have had a conniption fit to see us shove off and drift into the violent riptide that would sweep us within five minutes out to the open sea and the nantucket bound ferry. But an aunt didn't, and we did. It all happened so fast that we were swept out and it wasn't until we realized that we could make out the specific features of the ferry passengers that we were really far from shore. We were so far from shore that my aunts were now reduced to four hopping dots. uh oh it was like gilligan's island for real. So an atlantic swell crashes over our heads, and as soon as the water clears out of our eyes, a power boat pulls up out of nowhere. And in this power boat are david and michael kennedy. So david and michael pull us up into the boat, and we are like, "oh my god we are saved by a power boat." So the power boat sends us back to shore and we're psyched cause we're saved, until we start to watch the four hopping dots morph back into our four crazed livid aunts. We are so gonna get it. Now my family under any circumstances has this really weird thing. Well they each have like their own weird thing about like yelling and getting into huge trouble. Like my aunt gurt like she gets so freaked out that all she can do is yell out our addresses, like "ilene and kevin two seventy five hooper street. mikayla one eighty asylum road". I swear to god i grew up on asylum road. um very telling piece of my childhood um. Or in my aunt pat would do these things where she would say these things that were like actually kind of nice things, but she'd say them like they were death threats. She'd be like, "yeah i'll save you from drowning. You get on that beach towel and you lie in that sun now". Or she'd say, "I'm gonna buy you a birthday present. You eat that cake now". So we knew that this was what was coming; the kennedy boys didn't. So they're vivaciously tanned and they pull up to the shoreline and we brace ourselves. Now what happens is our aunts are out of their minds. They're ready to flay us, but when they see us in the same boat as the kennedys, it's like they don't have the emotional capacity to handle it. They kinda snap. They're kinda like freaking out to yell at us, but they start fake smiling and trying to act all normal. And my aunt momo she's like, takes on this like kennedy esque way of speaking, which is sort of halfway between katherine hepburn and like the queen of england. And we're like looking at them like what are you guys doing, and they're smiling this smile. But when they smile at us it's like "you just wait". But they're like "oh david oh michael thank you thank you thank you". And they're not mad at us for almost drowning. They're mad at us because the kennedys had to save us, like don't those people have enough trouble? As if our almost drowning was yet another kennedy tragedy. So these poor boys finally pull and pry themselves away from my aunts. They get back on the boat, and they're leaving. And my aunt momo's going "please give our best to your grandmother." And now it's time for our for real punishment, which was that we for the rest of vacation had to stay on the beach, because we did not have any respect for the water. So it's a hundred degrees out, and after about a half hour of whining and fighting and like um emptying out all the coppertone and kicking sand, we break my aunt pat's last nerve. And she says, "alright you can go in the water, but only up to your knees." So we're happy for a minute until we get in the water and realize how boring up to your knees is. And then we get the great plan of having chicken fights. So we start to have chicken fights but it's kinda 
weird because there's only three of us. But we're doing the best we can to have a chicken fight like that and like knock each other off into the water. So we get fully immersed, and then my uncle al, who never ever played with us ever, comes into the water to play chicken fights with us.  And he puts his daughter my cousin ilene up on his shoulders, and then i get up on my cousin kevin's shoulders, and we're having chicken fights and it's like actual family fun for a moment. And we're like you know hitting each other falling in the water, and then i take my foot and i accidentally kick the side of my uncle al's head really really hard. And his eyeball pops out of his head, falls into the water, and sinks. It pops out of his head, and it sinks. ilene kevin and i are in instant complete shock. Right this minute there is still a part of me that is on that beach screaming. It's like "oh my god. We had no idea that he had a fake eye. We didn't even know that you could have a fake eye. Why would you have a fake eye?" They did'nt tell us that uncle al had a fake eye cause they didn't want us blabbing it to the whole neighborhood. So they didn't tell us so we didn't know and like, later on you know, there was columbo and sandy duncan but this was way before that. We had no idea. So we're all standing there and it's like so horrible like i can't even like, i'm like, "oh my god". And my cousins ilene and kevin are staring at me with complete hate like, "you broke our dad!" And my uncle al is standing there and he's got the lid open, so you can like see inside the socket where now it's just like skin and the eyeball gone. And like you cannot just say i'm sorry to someone that you just. So i don't know what to do, and my aunt pat is hysterically screaming because that eyeball cost top dollar. It was a special magnetized eye so it could keep up with the other one, and now i had just better pray 
that vacation was over and that they got that deposit back, because now they were gonna have to buy a brand new top dollar eye that was not in the budget. So i just didn't know what to do. I was like, "my life is over. i am no longer mikayla. i am now merce girl who kicked al's eye out in the cape." and it's awful and everybody's just crying and pointing at me and now my other aunts are getting in on it like in who's-the-blame-part of the conversation's happening. So i just kind of back off into the water. I'm kinda like going back and like regressing back to like where life as i once knew it had ended. And i just stand there and like, "i kinda wish i had drowned, and i kinda wish the kennedys hadn't saved me." And i bent off and into the waves and i just i just start like sifting through sand and shells and pebbles and it's totally ridiculous. But like i will never stop looking for this eye, i am gonna look forever. And i keep looking and looking and i'm sifting through and then all of a sudden there is an eyeball in my palm staring right at me, and so i scream and i drop it back and it sinks back into the water. But now we know it's possible, so everybody gets back into the water and now we're all sifting through and sifting through. And i pray to god for no more future happiness until we find this eye, and i also kinda pray that it not be me the one that finds it this time. So after like an hour my cousin kevin finds the eye, and he holds it up in triumph and he does not let go and my uncle al takes the eye. He like washes it off and just pops it back in, and then he kinda like tests it you know, and it's like keeping up with the other one so it's working still. And now it's the weirdest thing because now we know it's a fake eye, and now that you know it's a fake eye it's totally looks like a fake eye. And i can't believe that i never noticed it wasn't a fake eye before. So now vacation's back on 
and so everybody gets back in their beach chairs and they start to settle down to begin telling the story over and over like a million times about what i just did. And i have not really fully reintegrated back into the family yet. i'm kind of standing apart and i notice that there actually has been like kind of a group of people who have been watching this whole thing. and then i see something that i didn't notice that no one noticed and that's that two of the kennedy kids david and michael had taken a walk on the beach. and i can tell just by the look on thier faces that they had sit there and seen the entire episode that they had been there watching us. 