So it's the last unit of the year I'm teaching third grade. And the last unit is the oregon trail. And I am prepared to have my students really live the oregon trail. This is how I taught third grade: I would create a world and then run it like a puppet master um. I uh and and, a lot of those times, those worlds were goofy. Like we have always a game uh we got letters from a stuffed animal rock band named Antic Leia, and the Howlers who were lost across the united states and we were studying geography so to help them. We had to study the states. Uh we got letters from time machines. My characters had names like cheesy de pizza and caesar von salad. Um. i was not a serious teacher. uh but now this is the oregon trail. This is a serious time and this is also a really complicated time in American history. Um but to be totally honest, I'm not sure I can get at the like historical and moral complexities of westward expansion with nine year olds. They have trouble taking the perspective of their little sister. So I'm not really sure I can do that, but I know I can get at the gravity of it right? This is pioneers. Two thousand miles across the united states which weren't the united states yet across the Rockies, leaving everything they know risking everything they have. Blizzards and hunger and all these things and, so at least I can get it's really real and at least I can get my kids to feel like it's really real. So I come to my class and I say we're gonna be doing the oregon trail and this one smart aleck kid named Alex says, "well will it be a game?" cuz he knows it's always a game. And I say, "yeah, but it's gonna be a dangerous game." And they're pretty psyched about that. So what I've planned is like a simulation: we're gonna take on characters of pioneers and we're going to travel the oregon trail on a wagon train. So first we have to choose names for our characters. I downloaded and printed the names of real people who died on the oregon trail. It's pretty authentic. And so they can have their first names but they have to have last names like Chapman and Blunderfield and Alex is now Alex Bacon. And then they have to choose occupations, and all the girls wanna be pop stars. And I tell them, "there were no pop stars on the oregon trail. Choose authentic occupations from the eighteen forties." so okay, so great. There are farmers and there are gold miners and there's a couple of doctors and we're we're good. But before we start i want them to feel what it really felt like to walk for that long. So i was here in Manhattan. I took them on a forty block walk.  It's about two miles. It's not that long. It's long if you're a nine year old, I guess. And it's a beautiful day you know we're going up the west side we're going up the Hudson. and uh Alex Bacon says to me, "well I wouldn't have had to walk. I would have ridden in the wagon." And i said, "Aha. No no. Children never rode in the wagons. The wagons were for if there was someone sick, or our supplies or if we had a piano." Cuz i have done my research. And then another kid says, "well I'm thirsty and I say well there were no water fountains on the oregon trail." And he says, "well there's a water fountain right there." And I think about the parent phone call. I do not wanna get about withholding water from a child. And I think fast and I say, "Ah! a stream! How fortunate. Let us partake." And so we finally get back and we're hot and sweaty, but we're ready. We're ready to go on our journey. And the way I designed it is... Previously, all of my games were just fiction. Like I would just write a letter and then they would respond and I would write another letter that night. I always knew what was gonna happen. But now i wanna play a little more dangerously, because it was all luck what happened on the oregon trail right? So I have designed a game of chance. um. I have combined. Do you guys know the oregon trail video game? fans okay. uh. I've designed. uh I've I've. combined the oregon trail video game with principles of dungeons and dragons,  the role playing game with dice. So what we're gonna do is, every day I'm gonna tell them what happened on the trail that day. They're gonna make some choices about what they wanna do. And then we're gonna roll dice to see if they succeeded or failed. So I'll give you an example. We get to a river and they have to decide. Do they wanna pay a ferryman or do they want to ford their wagons, and they decide to ford their wagons, we roll to find out if their wagons sink or floated. That kind of thing. So it's easy. great. alright. So the first day starts, and I have this bonnet that I've sewn out of old upholstery material, and I put on this bonnet, and i tell them, "I am Mary, your wagon train captain. We are all here for different reasons but we will have to work together to get through the bad weather and the hunger and the wild animals that await us." And Alex Bacon says, "Excuse me Mary, this is a dangerous game. Could we die? And I was a little in character at that point. And I will also admit I wanted to take Alex down a peg. So i said, "Sure, people died on the oregon trail all the time. Someone might die." And this shiver of excitement goes across my class. They liked my stuffed animal rock band but they are into danger and I know i'm not gonna let anyone die. Like I'm not gonna let it get there right? No one's gonna die on the oregon trail, but the idea that someone might gets them wanting to come to social studies every day, so this is okay. So we're off. We're tracking our mileage we're rolling dice or making tough choices and at some point. uh i have them meet a snake oil salesman. who offers to sell them an elixir that will make them stronger and faster and get to oregon city quicker. And something you need to know about nine year olds, a lot of them, pretty much all of them, don't know what snake oil salesmen are. I say this to you and you know this is shorthand for like a con man right? But to them it's just someone else they don't know about, like taxes, like that it's just a thing like a grown up thing. Okay snake oil salesman. So they decide to buy the elixir cause they wanna go get there faster. So we roll to see how much stronger and faster they got, and of course we all know the answer is none faster uh. It's snake oil so i tell them um. actually that was a con. You are throwing up for a day. You lose a day of travel, and I think they're gonna be really annoyed that they got slowed down but they are psyched. They got to throw up in social studies. They're talking about it for days. My game is a hit. The problem is, every day before we start, someone says to me, "is someone gonna die today?" "Is someone gonna die today?". And I've been putting them off and putting them off, but my game is going so well and we're getting towards the Rockies. And I figure, you know what, I'm gonna give them just a brush with death. So I write, I write out a bunch of possibilities for that day. And um the next time someone asks me is someone gonna die today, I say, "we have been lucky thus far, but the rockies lie ahead, the most treacherous part of our journey. Who knows what might happen." So I put on the bonnet, and that's what I did. I loved that action. And i set the scene for the morning, "In the early morning light, on a Rocky mountain pass, a wagon hits a rock and is overturned. Someone is trapped beneath the wagon. Let us roll to find out who it is." I'm not proud of this. I take off the bonnet and we have like a system of rules to figure out. Different kids have different numbers and I roll, and it's this little girl Katie I know. Her oregon trail name is Katherine Chubbuck. She's a farmer. She's one of these kids who always has really messy hair and sounds like she's been smoking since she was three. And she has to come to the front of the class and I say, "Katherine Chubbuck, your legs have been trapped beneath the wagon. Roll to find out if you get free and what happens." And she rolls, and she gets free. But her legs have been infected. I wrote these possibilities and this is the first time I'm thinking, "why did i write that possibility?" This is getting really dark, and I say, "Katherine Chubbuck, roll to find out if your infection gets better or worse." And she rolls, and it gets worse, and she looks at me and just goes, "did i die?" And as soon as she says it, I realize how much trouble I am in. I haven't written any more possibilities. I didn't think we would get this far. So what happens next? Do we have a funeral on the side of the oregon trail for Katherine Chubbuck? Is that the parent phone call that I get for having traumatized a girl for killing her on the oregon trail? "Bad teachers kill kids on the oregon trail." And I am not a bad teacher, or so i thought. This is all the stuff that's happening in my head. I'm thinking so much about it. A lot of it is very existential and then all of a sudden, from the back of the class, this little girl Ellis whose oregon trail name is Dr Ellis Chapman just goes, "Wait, I'm a doctor!" And I'm like, "thank the lord". Dr Chapman brings her doctor bag. She knows how to heal the wound. Ellis Chapman comes up to the front of the room. I say, "the only way you roll to find out what happens, the only way you die is if you roll a six. That's the only way you die." The class is holding their breath. As Katie rolls, she does the lucky like shake thing and then someone just goes, "shake them again!" She shakes, and she rolls, and it's a three and she survives. I know, I know, in my class it's like the end of Apollo thirteen. Kids are throwing papers in the air and like hugging each other, and Ellis is hugging Katie, and Katie's just going, "I almost died. I almost died." And I am so glad we agreed to bring a doctor on the oregon trail with us. She couldn't hunt but she was very useful. And the problem is... So that was great. The problem is, we still have seven hundred and twenty miles to oregon city, and I'm exhausted. I can't remember a time before we were walking the oregon trail. And the next day, you know I had all the stuff planned, and the next day I get to class, I put my bonnet on, I tell them, "we hear animal noises in the bushes." And Alex Bacon is right on it. He goes, "Is it wild animals? Are we in danger?" And he says it, and I realize they love the danger. I'm the one who doesn't want the danger. And I throw my plan out the window. It was wild animals and we were in danger actually but I forget about that. I say, "No, it is a baby animal with a broken leg, who we must adopt for the rest of the trip." And they all do the third-grade baby animal noise which is aw. And I say, "let us roll to find out what species of baby animal we will be adopting. Is it a baby bunny a baby fox or a baby wolf?" It's a baby wolf. They name him Yenny the Benny. They love him very much, and he follows us all the way to oregon. And we get to oregon in record time. I mean, forget pioneers walking. This is amazon prime, two day shipping, to get to oregon city. Nothing bad happens between the Rockies and oregon city and when we get there, we do, we homestead and we do our budget. So we do all that stuff but we also make cornbread, and we have a dance party to "September" by Earth, Wind and Fire, which is not historically accurate. But that is the kind of oregon trail I wanna be on at that point. So that's the oregon trail but I have to tell you guys, about a year ago I ran into Katie on the street on broadway, and she's in ninth grade now. She looks exactly the same except that she's been stretched, you know. And I recognized her right away and she recognized me, and we hugged and I said how are you and she said and the first thing she said to me was, "do you remember when I almost died on the oregon trail?" and i said, "yeah Katie, I absolutely remember."