1. hi i grew up in providence rhode island and for my entire childhood we were never more than twenty miles away

2. from the core of our universe the kennedys we were irish they were irish we were catholic they were catholic they were family we were like the relatives that they never got to see but we knew you know theyre busy and we knew that they loved us so anything so anything that was happening to them was also happening to us so

3. their tragedy plus our own tragedy was a lot so this one thanksgiving after dinner and a family fight at grandma house um we were in the car and were driving home and the radio was playing this tenth uh anniversary of the jfk assassination and im sitting in the back seat and i start to cry and my sister erin says hey

4. dad mikayla crying and my father pulls that car right over to the shoulder of i95 he stops it he turns

5. around and he looks at us and with tears in his own eyes he says dont you ever be ashamed to cry for that man so my parents grew up near newport and they got married in the same exact church as

6. jack and jackie saint mary and my father gave exact replica jewelry to my mother that was replications of the jewelry that jack gave to jackie and every saturday night after mass my family would be in the living room and wed

7. be happily ever aftering to the original soundtrack of camelot and every year during the seventies my four aunts would take me and my two cousins on their dream vacation a rented beach house in hyannis on the very cove sharing beachfront with the kennedy compound every day for an entire week my aunt pat would roll up her sisters hair my aunts

8. would apply sunscreen to the back of their necks the backs of the hands and the tops of their feet and then they would drag their beach chairs down to the beach and they would set them up perfectly not facing the water not into the sun for tanning but perfectly for spying on the kennedys they would sit there all day in

9. the broiling sun with high powered binoculars and keep a constant surveillance and every year theyd have the same exact conversations

10. usually around mid morning the first sighting would be made usually by my aunt pat shed be ah they got rose out walking ethel looks drawn and then about an hour later my aunt gurt would say how old is rose now and aunt momo would make the calculations well let see jack died in sixty three when she was seventy four and rose birthday was two weeks last thursday and joe died in sixty nine making her a widow at eighty one so

11. eighty five and then theyd break for lunch so after lobster and drawn butter and hosing us down theyd all huffle back to their posts and theyd watch and every now and then thered be something they didnt know hey who that

12. who that who that so they draw out the family tree in the sand theyd analyze it theyd come up with a profile and theyd crack the code it one of bobby now any mention of bobby would always bring up the inevitable oh i just pray to god they dont tell poor senile rose about bobby itll break her so then the

13. long afternoon stretch would end with the inevitable annual observation you dont see jackie much here and then all of my

14. aunts would drop their binoculars and look at each other meaningfully now all of this meant that no one was paying any attention to me and my cousins in the water and the summer when we were nine years old we found something now had an aunt perhaps in an effort to ease a cramp in her prying neck just sort of glanced

15. towards the water she might have seen us climbing into this tiny plastic half inflated boat she might have cried out in alarm at the lack of oars and life vests she might have had a conniption fit to see us shove off and drift into the violent riptide that would sweep us within five minutes out to the open sea and the

16. nantucket bound ferry but an aunt didnt and we did it all happened so fast that we were swept out and it wasnt until we realized that we could make out the specific features of the ferry passengers that we were really

17. far from shore we were so far from shore that my aunts were now reduced to four hopping dots uh oh it was like gilligan island for real so an atlantic swell crashes over our heads and as soon as the water clears out of our eyes a power boat pulls up out of nowhere and in this power boat are david and michael kennedy so david and michael pull us up into the boat and we are like oh my god we are saved by a power boat so the power boat sends us back to shore and were psyched cause were saved until

18. we start to watch the four hopping dots morph back into our four crazed livid aunts we are so gonna get it now my family under any circumstances has this really weird thing well they each have like their own weird thing

19. about like yelling and getting into huge trouble like my aunt gurt like she gets so freaked out that all she can do is yell out our addresses like ilene and kevin two seventy five hooper street mikayla one eighty asylum road i swear to god i grew up on asylum road um very telling piece of my childhood um or in my

20. aunt pat would do these things where she would say these things that were like actually kind of nice things but shed say them like they were death threats shed be like yeah ill save you from drowning you get on that beach towel and you lie in that sun now or shed say im gonna buy you a birthday present you eat

21. that cake now so we knew that this was what was coming the kennedy boys didnt so theyre vivaciously tanned and

22. they pull up to the shoreline and we brace ourselves now what happens is our aunts are out of their minds theyre ready to flay us but when they see us in the same boat as the kennedys it like they dont have the emotional capacity to handle it they kinda snap theyre kinda like freaking out to yell at us but they start fake smiling and trying to act all normal and my aunt momo she like takes on this like kennedy esque

23. way of speaking which is sort of halfway between katherine hepburn and like the queen of england and were like looking at them like what are you guys doing and theyre smiling this smile but when they smile at us it like you just wait but theyre like oh david oh michael thank you thank you thank you and theyre not mad at

24. us for almost drowning theyre mad at us because the kennedys had to save us like dont those people have enough trouble as if our almost drowning was yet another kennedy tragedy so these poor boys finally pull and pry themselves away

25. from my aunts they get back on the boat and theyre leaving and my aunt momo going please give our best to your grandmother and now it time for our for real punishment which was that we for the rest of vacation

26. had to stay on the beach because we did not have any respect for the water so it a hundred degrees out and after about a half hour of whining and fighting and like um emptying out all the coppertone and kicking

27. sand we break my aunt pat last nerve and she says alright you can go in the water but only up to your knees so were happy for a minute until we get in the water and realize how boring up to your knees is and then we get the great plan of having chicken fights so we start to have chicken fights

28. but it kinda weird because there only three of us but were doing the best we can to have a chicken fight like that and like knock each other off into the water so we get fully immersed and then my uncle

29. al who never ever played with us ever comes into the water to play chicken fights with us and he puts his daughter my cousin ilene up on his shoulders and then i get up on my cousin kevin shoulders and were having chicken fights and it like actual family fun for a moment and were like you know hitting each other falling

30. in the water and then i take my foot and i accidentally kick the side of my uncle al head really really hard and his eyeball pops out of his head falls into the water and sinks it pops out of his head and it sinks ilene kevin and i are in instant complete shock right this minute there is still a part

31. of me that is on that beach screaming it like oh my god we had no idea that he had a fake eye we didnt even know that you could have a fake eye why would you have a fake eye they didnt tell us that uncle al had a fake eye cause they didnt want us blabbing it to the whole neighborhood

32. so they didnt tell us so we didnt know and like later on you know there was columbo and sandy duncan

33. but this was way before that we had no idea so were all standing there and it like so horrible like i cant even like im like oh my god and my cousins ilene and kevin are staring at me with complete hate like you broke our dad and my uncle al is standing there and he got the lid open so you

34. can like see inside the socket where now it just like skin and the eyeball gone and like you cannot just say im sorry to someone that you just so i dont know what to do and my aunt pat is hysterically

35. screaming because that eyeball cost top dollar it was a special magnetized eye so it could keep up with the other one and now i had just better pray that vacation was over and that they got that deposit back because now

36. they were gonna have to buy a brand new top dollar eye that was not in the budget so i just didnt know what to do i was like my life is over i am no longer mikayla i am now merce girl who kicked al eye out in the cape and it awful and everybody just crying and pointing at me and

37. now my other aunts are getting in on it like in whotheblamepart of the conversation happening so i just kind of back off into the water im kinda like going back and like regressing back to like where life as i once knew it had ended and i just stand there and like i kinda wish i had drowned and i kinda wish

38. the kennedys hadnt saved me and i bent off and into the waves and i just i just start like sifting through sand and shells and pebbles and it totally ridiculous but like i will never stop looking for this eye i am gonna look forever and i keep looking and looking and im sifting through and then all of a sudden there

39. is an eyeball in my palm staring right at me and so i scream and i drop it back and it sinks back into the water but now we know it possible so everybody gets back into the water and now were

40. all sifting through and sifting through and i pray to god for no more future happiness until we find this eye and i also kinda pray that it not be me the one that finds it this time so after like an hour my cousin kevin finds the eye and he holds it up in triumph and he does not let go and

41. my uncle al takes the eye he like washes it off and just pops it back in and then he kinda like tests it you know and it like keeping up with the other one so it working still and now it

42. the weirdest thing because now we know it a fake eye and now that you know it a fake eye it totally looks like a fake eye and i cant believe that i never noticed it wasnt a fake eye before so

43. now vacation back on and so everybody gets back in their beach chairs and they start to settle down to begin telling the story over and over like a million times about what i just did and i have not really fully

44. reintegrated back into the family yet im kind of standing apart and i notice that there actually has been like kind of a group of people who have been watching this whole thing and then i see something that i didnt notice that no one noticed and that that two of the kennedy kids david and michael had taken a walk on the

45. beach and i can tell just by the look on thier faces that they had sit there and seen the entire episode that they had been there watching us