1. so it the last unit of the year im teaching third grade and the last unit is the oregon trail and i am prepared to have my students really live the oregon trail this is how i taught third grade i would

2. create a world and then run it like a puppet master um i uh and and a lot of those times those worlds were goofy like we have always a game uh we got letters from a stuffed animal rock band named antic leia and the howlers who were lost across the united states and we were studying geography so to help them

3. we had to study the states uh we got letters from time machines my characters had names like cheesy de pizza and caesar von salad um i was not a serious teacher uh but now this is the oregon trail this is

4. a serious time and this is also a really complicated time in american history um but to be totally honest im not sure i can get at the like historical and moral complexities of westward expansion with nine year olds they have

5. trouble taking the perspective of their little sister so im not really sure i can do that but i know i can get at the gravity of it right this is pioneers two thousand miles across the united states which werent the united states yet across the rockies leaving everything they know risking everything they have blizzards and hunger and all these things

6. and so at least i can get it really real and at least i can get my kids to feel like it really real so i come to my class and i say were gonna be doing the oregon trail and this

7. one smart aleck kid named alex says well will it be a game cuz he knows it always a game and

8. i say yeah but it gonna be a dangerous game and theyre pretty psyched about that so what ive planned is like a simulation were gonna take on characters of pioneers and were going to travel the oregon trail on a wagon train so first we have to choose names for our characters i downloaded and printed the names of real people who

9. died on the oregon trail it pretty authentic and so they can have their first names but they have to have last names like chapman and blunderfield and alex is now alex bacon and then they have to choose occupations and all

10. the girls wanna be pop stars and i tell them there were no pop stars on the oregon trail choose authentic occupations from the eighteen forties so okay so great there are farmers and there are gold miners and there a couple

11. of doctors and were were good but before we start i want them to feel what it really felt like to walk for that long so i was here in manhattan i took them on a forty block walk it about two miles it not that long it long if youre a nine year old i guess and it a beautiful day you

12. know were going up the west side were going up the hudson and uh alex bacon says to me well i wouldnt have had to walk i would have ridden in the wagon and i said aha no no children never rode

13. in the wagons the wagons were for if there was someone sick or our supplies or if we had a piano

14. cuz i have done my research and then another kid says well im thirsty and i say well there were no water fountains on the oregon trail and he says well there a water fountain right there and i think about the parent phone call i do not wanna get about withholding water from a child and i think fast and i say

15. ah a stream how fortunate let us partake and so we finally get back and were hot and sweaty but were ready were ready to go on our journey and the way i designed it is previously all of my games were just fiction like i would just write a letter and then they would respond and i would write another letter that

16. night i always knew what was gonna happen but now i wanna play a little more dangerously because it was all luck what happened on the oregon trail right so i have designed a game of chance um i have combined do you guys know the oregon trail video game fans okay uh ive designed uh ive ive combined the oregon trail video

17. game with principles of dungeons and dragons the role playing game with dice so what were gonna do is every day im gonna tell them what happened on the trail that day theyre gonna make some choices about what they wanna do

18. and then were gonna roll dice to see if they succeeded or failed so ill give you an example we get

19. to a river and they have to decide do they wanna pay a ferryman or do they want to ford their wagons and they decide to ford their wagons we roll to find out if their wagons sink or floated that kind of thing so it easy great alright so the first day starts and i have this bonnet that ive sewn out

20. of old upholstery material and i put on this bonnet and i tell them i am mary your wagon train captain we are all here for different reasons but we will have to work together to get through the bad weather and the hunger and the wild animals that await us and alex bacon says excuse me mary this is a dangerous game

21. could we die and i was a little in character at that point and i will also admit i wanted to take alex down a peg so i said sure people died on the oregon trail all the time someone might die and this shiver of excitement goes across my class they liked my stuffed animal rock band but they are into danger

22. and i know im not gonna let anyone die like im not gonna let it get there right no one gonna die on the oregon trail but the idea that someone might gets them wanting to come to social studies every day

23. so this is okay so were off were tracking our mileage were rolling dice or making tough choices and at some point uh i have them meet a snake oil salesman who offers to sell them an elixir that will make them

24. stronger and faster and get to oregon city quicker and something you need to know about nine year olds a lot of them pretty much all of them dont know what snake oil salesmen are i say this to you and you know this is shorthand for like a con man right but to them it just someone else they dont know about

25. like taxes like that it just a thing like a grown up thing okay snake oil salesman so they decide to buy the elixir cause they wanna go get there faster so we roll to see how much stronger and faster they got and of course we all know the answer is none faster uh it snake oil so i tell them um

26. actually that was a con you are throwing up for a day you lose a day of travel and i think theyre gonna be really annoyed that they got slowed down but they are psyched they got to throw up in social studies theyre talking about it for days my game is a hit the problem is every day before we start someone says to me is someone gonna die today is someone gonna die today and ive been putting them off and putting

27. them off but my game is going so well and were getting towards the rockies and i figure you know what im gonna give them just a brush with death so i write i write out a bunch of possibilities for that

28. day and um the next time someone asks me is someone gonna die today i say we have been lucky thus

29. far but the rockies lie ahead the most treacherous part of our journey who knows what might happen so i put

30. on the bonnet and that what i did i loved that action and i set the scene for the morning in the early morning light on a rocky mountain pass a wagon hits a rock and is overturned someone is trapped beneath

31. the wagon let us roll to find out who it is im not proud of this i take off the bonnet and we have like a system of rules to figure out different kids have different numbers and i roll and it

32. this little girl katie i know her oregon trail name is katherine chubbuck she a farmer she one of these kids

33. who always has really messy hair and sounds like she been smoking since she was three and she has to come to the front of the class and i say katherine chubbuck your legs have been trapped beneath the wagon roll to find out if you get free and what happens and she rolls and she gets free but her legs have been infected i wrote these possibilities and this is the first time im thinking why did i write that possibility this is getting really dark and i say katherine chubbuck roll to find out if your infection gets better or worse and she

34. rolls and it gets worse and she looks at me and just goes did i die and as soon as she says it i realize how much trouble i am in i havent written any more possibilities i didnt think we would

35. get this far so what happens next do we have a funeral on the side of the oregon trail for katherine chubbuck is that the parent phone call that i get for having traumatized a girl for killing her on the oregon

36. trail bad teachers kill kids on the oregon trail and i am not a bad teacher or so i thought this is all the stuff that happening in my head im thinking so much about it a lot of it is very existential and then all of a sudden from the back of the class this little girl ellis whose oregon trail name is dr ellis chapman just goes wait im a doctor and im like thank the lord dr chapman brings her doctor

37. bag she knows how to heal the wound ellis chapman comes up to the front of the room i say the

38. only way you roll to find out what happens the only way you die is if you roll a six that the only way you die the class is holding their breath as katie rolls she does the lucky like shake thing

39. and then someone just goes shake them again she shakes and she rolls and it a three and she survives i know i know in my class it like the end of apollo thirteen kids are throwing papers in the air and like hugging each other and ellis is hugging katie and katie just going i almost died i almost died and i

40. am so glad we agreed to bring a doctor on the oregon trail with us she couldnt hunt but she was

41. very useful and the problem is so that was great the problem is we still have seven hundred and twenty miles to oregon city and im exhausted i cant remember a time before we were walking the oregon trail and the next day you know i had all the stuff planned and the next day i get to class i put my bonnet

42. on i tell them we hear animal noises in the bushes and alex bacon is right on it he goes is it wild animals are we in danger and he says it and i realize they love the danger im the one who doesnt want the danger and i throw my plan out the window it was wild animals and we were in

43. danger actually but i forget about that i say no it is a baby animal with a broken leg who we must adopt for the rest of the trip and they all do the thirdgrade baby animal noise which is aw and

44. i say let us roll to find out what species of baby animal we will be adopting is it a baby bunny a baby fox or a baby wolf it a baby wolf they name him yenny the benny they love him

45. very much and he follows us all the way to oregon and we get to oregon in record time i mean forget pioneers walking this is amazon prime two day shipping to get to oregon city nothing bad happens between the rockies

46. and oregon city and when we get there we do we homestead and we do our budget so we do all that stuff but we also make cornbread and we have a dance party to september by earth wind and fire which is not historically accurate but that is the kind of oregon trail i wanna be on at that point so that

47. the oregon trail but i have to tell you guys about a year ago i ran into katie on the street on broadway and she in ninth grade now she looks exactly the same except that she been stretched you know and

48. i recognized her right away and she recognized me and we hugged and i said how are you and she said and the first thing she said to me was do you remember when i almost died on the oregon trail and i said yeah katie i absolutely remember

49. i said yeah katie i absolutely remember