1. i began my illustrious career in journalism in the bronx where i toiled as a hardboiled reporter for the ram the

2. student newspaper at fordham university and one day im walking toward the campus center and out comes the elusive dean mcgowan architect of a policy to replace fordhams traditionally working to middleclass students with wealthier more prestigious ones so i whip out

3. my notebook and i go up to him and i say dean mcgowan is it true that fordham university plans to raise tuition substantially above the inflation rate and if so wouldnt that be a betrayal of its mission and he stops

4. and looks at me and he says listen up punk and right then theres a blur in the corner of my eye which becomes this figure holding a cream pie which becomes the guy standing next to me mashing a cream pie

5. into dean mcgowans face and then runs away and the dean is covered with cream so i give him a moment and then i say dean mcgowan would you care to comment on this latest attack and the dean says yes i

6. would care to comment fuck you so i race back to the newsroom with my scoop and i find the editor

7. jim dwyer whos a senior and he will go on to win a pulitzer prize that is true and hes a big guy i pitch him my story i tell him what ive seen and he says dean mcgowan that guys a

8. dick write it up so im banging out my story and i know its good and then i start to make it better by adding an element of embellishment reporters call this making shit up and they recommend against crossing that line but i had just seen the line crossed between a highpowered dean and assault with a pastry and i kind of

9. liked it so the first i did was i gave the figure a name i called him pie man capital p capital m and i described him as a capewearing masked avenger though in fact hed been capeless and said that as

10. he fled the scene he clicked his heels in rakish glee and i gave him a catchphrase in latin i said

11. that he cried out ego sum non an bestia which means i am not an animal which makes no sense i needed something im catholic latin just comes to me so i finish my story and i hand it to dwyer and

12. he reads and he says pie man i love it page one and thats how the first line got crossed a few days later i get a letter it says dear jim good story nice details if you want to see me again in action be on the steps of duane library tuesday at 3 oclock signed pie man so i was there

13. with a photographer from the ram and sure enough out comes sheila beale studentbody president and now sheila was different from me and all the other fordham students who wore flannel shirts and worked parttime jobs sheila was wellbred sheila had school

14. spirit sheila was the kind of student that dean mcgown wanted more of although rumor had it that he got plenty of her in his office on his desk but thats just a rumor please do not spread it outside this rumor

15. i myself would never say that but the fact was sheila had collaborated with the dean to ban outdoor drinking on campus the infamous no more beer at barbecues rule thats right boo that rule sheila thought drinking in public was in

16. poor taste i think you know what happened next pie man emerged from behind the latenight library dropbox made his delivery

17. and fled away crying ego sum non an bestia or at least thats what it said in my story in the newspaper the next day which ran with a photo of him leaving the scene cape flowing behind him doing this and

18. thats what made him a sensation on campus people started dressing like him and quoting him in class the ram ran five major stories about pie man all of them by me and toward the end of this run i was out

19. at a bar one night and i saw i came and i saw in the corner angela from my brit lit

20. class drinking with some friends and now angela and i had been flirting for two months or i had been flirting with her and with such nuance that there was a question about whether she knew i existed so i i saw

21. her there and made a mental note to do nothing about it and then i went to the bar to buy

22. a round and i felt a tap on my shoulder and it was her and she said jim we were just talking about how you always seem to know when and where pie man will strike and we were wondering are you pie man and i knew by the way she said it i knew that if i said yes she would have

23. sex with me and wasnt i really pie man for having brought him into being didnt she only know about him through me but she had asked me a straightforward question that came with a straightforward answer in fact i wasnt pie

24. man as far as i knew i had never seen the guy out of costume so i looked at her and i said yes angela i am pie man and she said oh good now buy me a beer and tell me all about it

25. all about it